Explain in your own words what is Python?

Python is a programming language or practically saying , 
Python is a high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. 
It is high-level because python is interpreted language, which is not subject to processor. 
Some of Python experts say that Python is a high-level because of its distance from machine binary code, in other words, 
Python does not need a compiler. Python uses dynamic semantics, meaning that its variables are dynamic object. 
An example of that with using a variable Y=1, python will understand that Y is “an integer”, 
but once you assign to Y a text such as Y =”Hello”, Python treat Y as a string. Additionally, 
you can say that Python is an object-oriented language. 
Python was designed with OOP approach and its offers a clear program structure and a clean code.  
You may keep in mind that everything in Python is an object. Roughly speaking, Python is easier to use and easier to read. 
If we want to summary our point about Python, we are safe to say that Python is an interpreted ( because it goes through an interpreter, 
which turns code you write into the language understood by your computer’s processor”, 
object-oriented ( using the principle of the classes and subclasses, so you can created classes, 
and use them when it is required), high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. 


Explain Data Python Data Types?

Any language programming needs to have some data type. 
Data type gives the kind of value that help use understood with operation can be performed on that particular data.
 According to my first answer, everything in Python is treated as object, so data type, 
mainly speaking, data type are actually classes and variables are instance or object of these classes. 
Python has a lot of data type that are already built-in by default. Here are some examples:

Text Type  str
Numeric Types  int, float, complex
Sequence Type list, tuple, range
Mapping Type dict ( dictionary) 
Set Types  set, frozenset
Boolean Type  bool
Binary Types  bytes, bytearray, memoryview
You can also create your own data type with Python, by creating classes. 

Explain in your own words What is a function?

Mathematically speaking a function is a special relationship between an input and output elements, 
in other words, each element in the domain of the function will have one and only one element in the range that can be mapped to it. 
However, in programming language  such as Python, function contains a black of instruction that was coded by a developer to handle certain input or case(s). 
After you create a function, you can call it from everywhere. Depends on what you want to do with your function, you can make it either a void function that is return no value, 
or a returning function that is return for some output or value. Using function within your code will always simplify your task or mission. 
The best thing with functions is that you are using them whenever you want them, and they are aimed to tackle specific tasks. 

Explain the Python print statement?

As you started coding, you need to check what are you doing, or if the result you are aiming for is exactly as you expect. 
The print statement then is the one that you need to display your message or output. 
Here is an example of using the print statement, assuming you have two variables x and y and you need to add them up and see what the result is, 
you can use print statement this way print(“The sum of x = “, x, “ and  “, y “ is: ”, x+y).  Moreover, the output message can be a string, or any other object, 
however, the object will be converted into a string before actually written to the screen

